Why do you look stupid?
You deliberately seduce me
Who taught this trick to be tried and true?
Then I'm not someone who's always late
What about Zhou Yuchen?
What? Are you jealous?
Don't worry.
He will never come to mess with you again
Why? Because from beginning to end
You are my firmest choice
That's the smell.
You're killing me.
Oops, eat slowly
You don't know
I don't know what's going on with this Shlian recently
Make me dark dishes in a different way
I'm about to lose my position, aren't I?
This smell
normal
Otherwise, let's partner to open a sea fishing
With my tricky taste
There is another superpower
We're sure to make a lot of money
Zhang Lili Hmm
Shui Ling seems to take a peek
What direction?
Yes. What's wrong?
You are afraid of being seen by him
Nonsense, he wants to see me eat so well
Compare his idea
He will surely lose his confidence
You care about him
Certainly.
Even if you have a suave like me in front of you
Handsome and dashing quality stocks
He is irreplaceable